PREV >> [[Chapters 80 - 88]]
NEXT >> [[Chapters 95 - 107]]

Klein’s solo mission was to solve the constant groans that Sir Deweyville had been hearing for the past month during nighttime. Klein went to Deweyville’s mansion, and into his bedroom, where the cries were the loudest, His spiritual perception went off immediately. In the bedroom, Klein saw that Deweyville was surrounded by spirituality and resentment from the dead. He then decided to do dream divination on the Deweyville, allowing him to communicate with the spirits surrounding him. He learned that many of the spirits were from young girls who worked in a lead factory, dying of lead poisoning. Klein and Deweyville had a conversation about capitalism and profits, and how many are exploited in the name of profit. To solve the problem, Deweyville needed to appease a strong resentful spirit, by the name of Haley. Deweyville gave Haley’s parents 300 pounds as compensation. Klein lied about everyone being able to hear the groans of the spirits by pinning it on mass hysteria, then explaining what it is. Later that day, Klein held another Tarot club meeting. Audrey found another page, and Klein gave some of the information on that page to the members of the tarot club to seem more mysterious and knowledgeable. In exchange for a thousand pounds by Audrey, Alger gave a lot of information about all of the hidden organizations that he knew about. Klein then ended the meeting and tried to create an avatar in the gray fog, to no avail. While in thought, he realized that another crimson star had a prayer stored within. A young blonde boy speaking in a different language was praying to him, though Klein didn’t bring him into the fog yet.

#summary