PREV >> [[Chapters 71 - 79]]
NEXT >> [[Chapters 89 - 94]]

After Klein spends some time with his family, he goes back to the security company, where he is informed that to become an official member of the Nighthawks, he has to undergo a solo mission. Meanwhile, Klein does some research on the Hornacis mountain at the library. Later, Anna and Joyce’s friend, Bogda, came to Klein for a divination about the result of his surgery, which came up negative. Klein told Bogda to go to the same place that Mr. Glacis went to get his lung disease treated, and he bought medicine from there. Klein created amulets/charms to avoid disaster for Melissa and Benson. Klein then went to Selena’s birthday party, a friend of Melissa. He ran into Elizabeth there, the girl whom he helped pick out an amulet for at the underground market. Later into the party, Klein felt a spiritual fluctuation upstairs, where the teenage girls were. Selena was conducting a magic mirror divination, which was stated to be extremely dangerous for people who didn’t know what they were doing. He then recruited Elizabeth to help guide Selena to her bedroom, where Klein set up a ritual to cleanse her. During the process, Klein almost lost control due to his spirituality being completely drained, though he felt as if he had digested a large portion of the potion due to the situation. Turns out, it was actually Hanass Vincent who taught Selena the divination, and she stole a glance at his notes and used the incantation, which was a prayer to the True Creator. Later after everyone had left, Klein notified the Nighthawks about Hanass. That night, Dunn visited Hanass’s dream, where he dreamt of the True Creator, and died in his sleep.

#summary