NEXT >> [[Chapters 11 - 20]]
#### Chapter 1: Crimson

[[Zhou Mingrui]] wakes up with an excruciating headache in the middle of the night, in a dark room. Looking around, he sees many books along with a mysterious notebook that sticks out. After taking note of his surroundings, he looks at himself in the mirror; a man with black hair, brown pupils, and average looking features looks back at him. After guessing that he has been transmigrated, memories of the original body begin to flood his mind. [[Klein Moretti]]
is a citizen of the [[Northern Continent]]’s [[Loen Kingdom]], in Awwa County, living in [[Tingen City]]. He was a recent history graduate from a university. His father sacrificed himself during a battle against the [[Southern Continent]]. His mother was a devotee of the [[Evernight Goddess]], but has passed away recently. Klein has an older brother and a younger sister, and their family is poor. Klein has knowledge of the Hermes and [[Feysac Language]], and the mysterious book is written in the [[Hermes Language]]. It said *“Everyone will die, including me.”* After being disturbed by this message, he takes a closer look at himself. He has a medium build with a scholarly air around him, and notices that he has a grotesque injury on the side of his head.

#### Chapter 2: Situation

Zhou wanted to analyze his injury, so he went to turn on the gas. While he does this, Klein recalls that a dark yellow coin with a bronze shimmer, called the copper penny, is the most basic currency in the [[Loen Kingdom]]. It roughly translates to three to four yuan, which is about half a US dollar. There are other coins, such as the five pence, half pence, and quarter pence. Usually, it is necessary to buy several different things to spend a single coin. He uses the coin to turn on the gas meter to provide light. [[Klein Moretti|Klein]] notices that while he is injured, the wound has already started to heal. After cleaning up, he returns to analyze the scene and has many questions, such as where the [[Moretti Family]] got the funds to buy a revolver, and whether or not this was a suicide. However, he doesn’t really care for this and wants to return as fast as possible. He recalls how he [[Transmigration|transmigrated]] in the first place; he performed a luck enhancing ritual written in a book. Now, he wants to attempt to return the next day by performing the ritual again.

#### Chapter 3: Melissa

Zhou confirmed his plan to return to his world. He couldn’t remember the details behind his suicide or murder, such as how he obtained the revolver and the meaning behind the words on the mysterious notebook. [[Melissa Moretti]] is then introduced, Klein’s younger sister. She is currently attending school and wants to be a steam mechanic, and is currently 15 years old. [[Benson Moretti]], Klein’s older brother, has been occupied with work due to layoffs with the war in the Southern Continent. Melissa then quickly fixes a broken pocket watch left behind by their late father, and leaves. Zhou assumes that Klein’s situation is a suicide, for now. He notices that the revolver doesn’t have a silencer on it, yet there was no commotion when the gunshot went off. He also notices that his memory is filled with holes, especially memories concerning his suicide. Melissa then comes in to tell Klein to buy groceries, and constantly reminds him to do so, showing concern for her brother. It is then revealed that there are [[Seven Orthodox Gods]]: the [[Eternal Blazing Sun]], the [[Lord of Storms]], the [[God of Knowledge and Wisdom]], the Evernight Goddess, [[Mother Earth]], the [[God of War]], and the [[God of Steam and Machinery]]. Zhou is still determined to return home.

#### Chapter 4: Divination

As Klein leaves his house in order to buy groceries, he sees the streets filled with filthy water and strewn junk. There are many people on the street with stands set up, selling things. Klein remembered how there were often thieves, starving children, and desperate adults everywhere in these poor areas. After he bought the bread, on his way to buy meat, he is offered a divinatation; a tarot divination. In this world, [[Roselle Gustav]], the[[ Intis Republic’s Consul]] (someone who lives in a foreign nation to protect citizens of the consul’s country), was the one who created [[Tarot Cards]] 170 years ago. Along with Tarot Cards, Roselle invented items such as the steam engine and improved the sailing boat. After overthrowing the original [[Intis Republic|Intis Kingdom]]’s imperial rule, he invaded many other countries such as the [[Loen Kingdom]] and made them bow to the Intis Kingdom. He them proclaimed himself to be “Emperor Caesar.” Roselle also sent out marine fleets, beginning the era of colonialism. During the [[Fifth Epoch]], he was assassinated by the forces of the Church of the Eternal Blazing Sun, the former Intis royal family (the [[Sauron Family]]) and other aristocrats. Klein believes that Roselle may have also been a [[Transmigration|transmigrator]], so he takes the free tarot card divination.

#### **Chapter 5:** Ritual

Entering the tent, Klein shuffles the cards and asks for a divination on his past, present, and future. The first card he receives is “[[The Fool]].” Somebody barges into the tent and reveals that the diviner is actually just an animal trainer, not a diviner. He then leaves the tent, finishes his shopping, and translates his ritual into the [[Feysac Language]] and Loen language, showing his preparedness. He then performs the ritual and is placed under great pain once again, and when he opens his eyes, Zhou finds himself on the edge of a heavy [[Gray Fog]] with many [[Crimson Star]]. As he touched the star closest to him in an attempt to leave the place, a water mark appeared within his body and the star burst, startling him, resulting in the touching of another star, which burst as well. We are then introduced to [[Audrey Hall]] who lives in a luxurious villa in the [[Loen Kingdom]]’s capital, [[Backlund]], and is trying to awaken a mirror, which was supposedly a treasure of the Roman Empire’s Dark Emperor. The mirror then engulfed her in a crimson light. Next, in the [[Sonia Sea]], [[Alger Wilson]] is on a boat, holding a magical glass bottle. A crimson burst enveloped him as well. They are both transported to the gray fog, where they are all surrounded by a gray mist, including a dumbfounded Zhou.

#### Chapter 6: Beyonder

Zhou, also bewildered, decides to maintain a calm facade in order to gain the greatest advantage for himself. It is also revealed that the gray fog can respond to Zhou’s thoughts, creating stone pillars and a magnificent table and chairs. After showing Zhou respect, Audrey asks Zhou how to become a [[Beyonder]], which he does not know. Alger, who is older and has more wisdom, tells her to join the [[Church of the Evernight Goddess]], [[Lord of Storms]], or the [[God of Steam and Machinery]]. Beyonders are revealed to be rare, but embedded deep into human society, fighting against the “dangers that grow in the dark,” and their numbers are much lower than during the "[[Fifth Epoch|Iron Age]].” The Iron Age is the current epoch, the Fifth Epoch that began 1349 years ago. Factions of Beyonders are revealed; [[Nighthawks]], [[Mandated Punishers]], and the [[Machinery Hivemind]]. Alger reveals that humanity depends on potions in order to become Beyonders, with the name of the potions coming from the “[[Blasphemy Slate]],” and undergo changes to match the day and age of the era. The core essence of the potions stay the same throughout time. Alger strikes a deal with Audrey, giving her the formula for [[Sequence 9 - Spectator]] in exchange for [[Ghost Shark Blood]], under the watch of Zhou. Zhou decides to take on the guise of “[[The Fool|Mr. Fool]].”

#### Chapter 7: Call Sign

After convincing Zhou to continue these meetings, Zhou established that at 3 in the afternoon every Monday, he would call upon them for a meeting. Audrey established that since Mr. Fool is from the [[Tarot Cards]], she will also follow the pattern, and assigned herself the card “[[Audrey Hall|Justice]].” Alger chose “[[Alger Wilson|The Hanged Man]].” Audrey considered themselves as the founding members of the “[[Tarot Club]].” Alger reveals that Beyonders are able to attune themselves to the spirit world in order to perform divinations, and [[Tarot Cards]] are just a medium. After Zhou was asked a question, who redirected it to Alger, who said that Emperor Roselle created twenty two cards, later referenced to Major Arcana [[Tarot Cards]], also called the [[Blasphemy Slate]]. They are said to contain paths of the divine. Zhou then became exhausted, the link between the crimson stars and [[gray fog]] beginning to weaken. He then ended the meeting with a splitting headache. He recognized that he would not be able to return quickly, so he decided to adopt the persona known as Klein.

#### Chapter 8: A New Era

After returning to the real world, [[Alger Wilson]] throws a man off of the ship, and tells his crewmates that a captive had escaped with his beyonder powers. It turns out that they had actually captured a ghost ship, with no living person on board. After preparing to attend a ceremony, the [[King's Family]] family arrives on an ironclad warship, a gigantic flying machine. The King names it “[[The Pritz]]” and it’s use is to defeat seven pirates, called “[[Admirals]]” and four who call themselves “Kings.”

#### Chapter 9: The Notebook

Half of the chapter is spent talking about Klein’s hunger and how he satiates it. After confirming he wants to become a beyonder, Klein begins to go through his diaries that the previous Klein wrote. It is revealed that the [[Northern Continent]] is more technologically advanced than the Southern Continent, who is still wielding swords, and the reason for this is [[Roselle Gustav|Emperor Roselle]]. Mr. Azik is also introduced in this chapter, as a professor or peer of Klein. A person named [[Welch]] said that he found a notebook from the [[Fourth Epoch]], also known as the Age of the Gods, and asked for Klein and his friend’s help. Knowledge from the Fourth Epoch is limited, but the existence of the Tudor Dynasty, the Solomon Empire, and the Trunsoest Empire was confirmed. Through the diary, it is revealed that the diary is written by a member of the [[Antigonus Family]], who had a very high standing in the Solomon Empire. There were mentions of the [[Dark Emperor]], and the Antigonous Family was making secret transactions with a person named [[Tudor]]. A couple of days later, the author accepted a mission to visit the [[Nation of the Evernight]], which is at the summit of the Hornacis mountain range. Two days after the last entry, Klein is transmigrated.

#### Chapter 10: The Norm

The police knocked on Klein’s door to inform him that both [[Naya]] and Mr. Welch has passed away due to suicide, and without struggle. The police find Klein’s diary and see the “Everyone will die, including me,” but instead of arresting him, an expert will come to regain his memories.
  

---

#summary
[Source](https://lotmsummaries.wordpress.com/2024/03/24/chapters-1-10-summary/)