PREV >> [[Chapters 31 - 40]]
NEXT >> [[Chapters 51 - 60]]

Klein applies for funds to get a pendulum for spirit dowsing, and settles into a routine of learning mysticism and practicing shooting. Audrey, meanwhile, makes her Spectator potion, and her dog, Susie, drinks it while she is distracted. Because she had two sets of materials, she was able to quickly make another and drink it. Later at the security company, a man comes in with a request to save his master’s son from a kidnapping. Leonard accepts the request, and asks Klein for help, which he accepts. After obtaining a picture and previously worn clothes of Elliott, the boy who was kidnapped, Klein divined his location through Dowsing Rod Seeking, and Leonard puts them to sleep through a poem. After apprehending the kidnappers, Klein returns home and later that night, realizes that he was close to the Antigonus notebook at the kidnappers hideout due to a sense of deja vu. He immediately goes to meet Dunn, and they leave for the apartment, where there is a rotting corpse inside. It is believed that Ray Bieber, the owner of the apartment, killed his mother and was in possession of the Antigonus notebook. After completing the mission, Klein joins the Divination club with the money he earned. He set up himself as a diviner, and interacted with some of the members of the club. He ended up diagnosing one of his fellow diviners with a serious infection, and they got it treated in time. Afterwards, Klein started to learn ritualistic magic from Old Neil.

#summary