PREV >> [[Chapters 11 - 20]]
NEXT >> [[Chapters 31 - 40]]

Klein reads the 3 pages of [[Roselle’s Diary]], where many new secrets are revealed, such as the man who’s ravings appear every full moon, the acting method and digestion of Beyonder potions, and the existence of the [[Forsaken Land of the Gods]]. Klein talks with Old Neil and receives revolver bullets, and on his way out, meets [[Leonard Mitchell]], a [[Sequence 8 - Midnight Poet]], who turns out to be talking to himself as Klein walks away. Klein asks Rozanne of the sequence that the Evernight Church holds, which is the Sleepless pathway. Dunn is a [[Sequence 7 - Nightmare]], and there are only 2 of them in the entirety of Tingen. Klein goes back home and argues with Melissa over spending money, then goes to cancel his interview to become a history professor. On the way, he runs into Mr. Azik, who seems to remember the Antigonus family, but is just out of reach in his memory. Soon after, Klein gets a dangerous feeling that he is being watched, so he decides to go pray at the [[Saint Selena Cathedral]], the headquarters of the Church of the Evernight Goddess, in order to contact Dunn. He doesn’t go straight to them as he is worried whoever is tailing him wants him to do that, showing Klein’s ability to quickly think under pressure. After Klein speaks with Dunn, who tells him to go about his day as normal, he decides to go to a shooting range. That night, Dunn appears in Klein’s dreams and informs him that somebody had snuck into his room, and Klein had to force him into the corridor. Klein woke up and pointed the revolver at the intruder, who then ran into the corridor after slowly opening the door. Dunn entered the dream of the intruder, and subdued him. The intruder was a part of the [[Secret Order]], an organization related to the Solomon Empire. They were after Klein because they were the original owners of the Antigonus notebook, but it ended up in Welch’s hands. Afterwards, Klein had the opportunity to become a beyonder, though only one from an incomplete sequence, as he does not have enough merits to choose a complete one. Klein is given time to decide, and meanwhile, he and his family bought a new terrace house and moved in, and in the end, Klein decided to choose the [[Seer Pathway]].

---
#summary
[Source](https://lotmsummaries.wordpress.com/2024/06/09/chapters-21-30-summary-and-analysis-combined/)
