PREV >> [[Chapters 21 - 30]]
NEXT >> [[Chapters 41 - 50]]

After choosing the Seer, Dunn leads Klein to an alchemy room, where Old Neil came in and helped him create the Seer potion, which was created by following a certain recipe requiring magical ingredients. After drinking the potion, Klein hears some ravings and his spirit leaves his body. Eventually with guidance from Old Neil, he calms back down, and he learns to enter Cognition (used to retain rational focus) and Spirit Vision (able to see other beyonders). The explanations go more in depth, such as explaining the Ether body. (Chapter 32) Klein also sees a pair of eyes behind Old Neil, which he promptly told Klein to ignore after forcing a smile. After setting up his “switch” (tapping his glabella twice) to activate his spirit vision, he goes home to have another Tarot Club meeting. At the meeting, Audrey is given the Spectator recipe and Klein tells the two about the acting method as payment for the Club to begin to collect Roselle’s diary. A lot of information is revealed in the chapter about the limitations a Sequence places on its user, and the fact that the Antigonus family was destroyed by the Church of the Evernight Goddess. After ending the meeting, Klein tries to find Welch’s notebook, to no avail. He does run into a poster inviting people to join a divination club, though it is too expensive for him. Instead, he gets a reading done by a diviner, where he pulls “The Fool ” card again, and the result of the reading was that the Antigonus notebook cannot be found. Though, the diviner is a normal person, and not a Beyonder. Klein returns to the Blackthorn Security Company, where he has a conversation with Leonard, who suspects him to be a vessel for evil or something along those lines. He returns home then goes back to Old Neil the next day, where he learns the basics of mysticism, such as understanding symbols

#summary