PREV >> [[Chapters 89 - 94]]
NEXT >> 

Klein goes to the divination club to talk with the people there, then later, talks with Dunn about the Seer sequence. Klein gets promoted to a Nighthawk, and gets assigned a combat instructor, Gawain, a former knight. The next day, he goes to the library to research the Hornacius Mountain, and talks with Mr. Azik about his fate. Azik hints at his fate being controlled by someone else, and Klein returns home to do some divinations on hit. But, it all came out negative. He had the idea of doing divinations in the fog, and those divinations came out positive. Klein wanted to advance through the sequences as quickly as possible, so he divined clues about the Clown potion in the gray fog. A lot of unrelated images popped up in his dream divination, but they were all connected to the Antigonus notebook. Klein decided to look for a person that appeared in his dream that was connected with the notebook, an old/middle aged man. After some investigation at the library, it turned out that the man was also researching the Hornacius Mountain, and his name was Sirius. Right as Klein was about to leave, Sirius came into the library to return the books. Because Klein was still sore from muscle training, he tried to pretend he didn’t see Sirius, but the librarian yelled at him that Sirius was here. They fought, and Klein ended up killing Sirius. He went through his pockets and found 3 different letters, containing information such as there being a mole in the police, the Antignous family controlling the Seer pathway, and the introduction of a person named Mr. Z. After, he used spirit channeling to find the recipe for the Clown potion through Sirius’s spirit. Later, Klein hired a private detective to find a house with a red chimney, the one that he dreamed of in his dream divination. At the same time, Audrey met Fors, an author who is also a beyonder. She needed help getting her friend out of prison.

#summary