PREV >> [[Chapters 61 - 70]]
NEXT >> [[Chapters 80 - 88]]

Sealed Artifact 2-049 is a wooden doll that can cause people around it to have their movements and thoughts become sluggish. Klein met up with the other members of the Blacklund diocese. The sealed artifact would get stronger if it is in the presence of someone from the Antigonus family, and would face the direction of the nearest one. They pinned Ray to be at a warehouse, where Klein divined that there was great danger inside, and also surrounding them, most likely from the Secret Order. (They were established by the Antigonus family, so they would want their notebook.) An illusion of a fireball appeared, and they were attacked by a man with clown makeup on, in a suit. They fought for a while, and eventually, managed to subdue him by shooting him. Though, with the powers of his sequence, he managed to get away by transferring the bullet wound to his hand from his stomach. Ray Bieber then came out of the warehouse, a monster that lost control of his beyonder powers. After another fight, he was subdued by Lorotta pulling the Antigonus notebook from his body, causing his shell to collapse, turning into a pile of flesh. Though, with everyone wounded, the sealed artifact escaped its box, and began affecting Klein. He used the last of his power to enter the gray fog, then descended again. Though, the clown that attacked them earlier was waiting for him. After tricking the clown into believing that he was still affected by the sealed artifact, he shot him, after the clown was affected by the sealed artifact instead of him. After drinking medicine, the Nighthawks collected an item from Ray’s body, and Klein formally joined the Nighthawks. After returning to the security company, Klein watches Frye dissect the Clown’s corpse. When Frye leaves the room, the corpse suddenly grabs Klein’s wrist, and says, “Hornacis” multiple times before “dying” again.

#summary